Data action sample widget (#57)
Esri/arcgis-experience-builder-sdk-resources: samples/widgets/show-record-id/README.md

# Show record id

This sample demonstrates how to provide data action in a widget.

## How to use the sample
Clone the [sample repo](https://github.com/esri/arcgis-experience-builder-sdk-resources) and copy this widget's folder (within `samples/widgets`) to the `client/your-extensions/widgets` folder of your Experience Builder installation.

## How it works

> 1. Define your data action in the folder of `src/data-actions`. You should extend the base class `AbstractDataAction` and implement its methods: `isSupported` and `onExecute`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define the data action in the folder of `src/data-actions`. Then extend the base class `AbstractDataAction` and implement its methods: `isSupported` and `onExecute`.
```

> 2. Register your data action in manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Register the data action in manifest.
```

```
  "dataActions": [
    {
      "name": "showId",
      "label": "show id",
      "uri": "data-actions/show-id"
    }
  ],
```

> 3. Add nls labels in `src/runtime/translations/default.ts` for your data action if necessary. The name of the nls property should follow the pattern `_action_${dataActionName}_label`. In this case, it is `_action_showId_label`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add nls labels in `src/runtime/translations/default.ts` for the data action if necessary. The name of the nls property should follow the pattern `_action_${dataActionName}_label`. In this case, it is `_action_showId_label`.
```
